[Grid] Improve Grid2 upgrade experience (#45304)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/migration-v4/v5-component-changes.md

+ import Grid from '@mui/material/Grid2';
```

To learn more about Grid2, check out the [Grid2 component doc](/material-ui/react-grid2/) and the [upgrade guide](/material-ui/migration/upgrade-to-grid-v2/).

:::info

> Grid v2 was introduced in Material UI v5.9.1 and features negative margins on all sides by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grid2 was introduced in Material UI v5.9.1 and features negative margins on all sides by default.
```
